---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pangolin_resource Resource - pangolin"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages an app-style resource (HTTP/TCP/UDP).
---

# pangolin_resource (Resource)

Manages an app-style resource (HTTP/TCP/UDP).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pangolin_resource" "example" {
  org_id    = "your-org-id"
  name      = "Example App Resource"
  protocol  = "tcp"
  http      = true
  subdomain = "example-app"
  domain_id = "your-domain-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `http` (Boolean) Whether the resource is an HTTP resource.
- `name` (String) The name of the resource.
- `org_id` (String) The ID of the organization.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol of the resource (tcp or udp).

### Optional

- `apply_rules` (Boolean) Apply block list rules.
- `block_access` (Boolean) Block access to the resource.
- `domain_id` (String) The ID of the domain. Requires `http` to be true.
- `email_whitelist_enabled` (Boolean) Allow whitelisting access based on email address. Requires SMTP to be setup.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable the resource.
- `headers` (Attributes List) List of headers to set when forwarding requests. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--headers))
- `host_header` (String) Set a custom host header to set for requests.
- `nice_id` (String) The unique, human-readable ID of the resource.
- `post_auth_path` (String) The HTTP path of the resource to shared. Requires `http` to be true.
- `proxy_port` (Number) The port to proxy if `http` is false
- `proxy_protocol` (Boolean) Enable the proxy protocol.
- `proxy_protocol_version` (Number) Version 1 is text-based and widely supported. Version 2 is binary and more efficient but less compatible. Make sure servers transport is added to dynamic config.
- `ssl` (Boolean) Enable SSL for the resource.
- `sso` (Boolean) Allow Pangolin SSO auth.
- `sticky_session` (Boolean) Whether or not to enable sticky sessions. Requires `http` to be true.
- `subdomain` (String) The subdomain for the resource. Requires `http` to be true.
- `tls_server_name` (String) The hostname expected by the SSL endpoint

### Read-Only

- `id` (Number) The ID of the resource.

<a id="nestedatt--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Required:

- `name` (String) Header name.
- `value` (String) Header value.
